Add Performance test case (#21)
apache/skywalking-go: docs/en/agent/performance-tests.md

# Performance Tests

Performance testing is used to verify the impact on application performance when using SkyWalking Go.

## Test Objective

By launching both the **agent** and **non-agent** compiled applications, we subject them to the same **QPS** under stress testing, 
evaluating the CPU, memory, and network latency of the machine during the testing period.

> The application has been saved and submitted to the [test/performance](../../../test/performance) directory, with the following topology:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application has been saved and submitted to the [test/benchmark-codebase](../../../test/benchmark-codebase) directory, with the following topology:
```

I think this is a better name.

```
pressure -> consumer -> provider
```

> The stress testing service (pressure) uses multithreading to send HTTP requests to the consumer service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payload(traffic) generator uses multithreading to send HTTP requests to the consumer service. 
```

When the consumer receives a request, it sends three requests to the provider service to obtain return data results. 
Based on these network requests, when using SkyWalking Go, the consumer service generates four Spans (1 Entry Span, 3 Exit Spans).

### Application

The application's integration with SkyWalking Go follows the same process as other applications. For more information, please [refer to the documentation](../setup/gobuild.md).

In the application, we use loops and mathematical calculations (`math.Log`) to simulate the execution of the business program. 
This consumes a certain amount of CPU usage, preventing idle processing during service stress testing and amplifying the impact of the Agent program on the business application.

### Stress Testing Service

We use the [Vegeta](https://github.com/tsenart/vegeta) service for stress testing, which launches traffic at a specified QPS to the application. 
It is based on the Go language and uses goroutines to provide a more efficient stress testing solution.

## Test Environment

> A total of 4 GCP machines are launched, all instances are 4C8G.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A total of 4 GCP machines are launched, all instances are running on tbe 4C8G VM.
```

1. **pressure**: Used for deploying traffic to the consumer machine.
2. **consumer**: Used for deploying the consumer service.
3. **provider**: Used for deploying the provider service.
4. **skywalking**: Used for deploying the SkyWalking backend cluster, providing a standalone OAP node (in-memory H2 storage) and a UI interface.

Each service is deployed on a separate machine to ensure there is no interference with one another.

## Test Process

### Preparation Phase
The preparation phase is used to ensure that all machines and test case preparations are completed.

#### Pressure
Install the [Vegeta service](https://github.com/tsenart/vegeta#install) on the stress testing instance and create the following file(`request.txt`) to simulate traffic usage.

```
GET http://${CONSUMER_IP}:8080/consumer

> Sw8: 1-MWYyZDRiZjQ3YmY3MTFlYWI3OTRhY2RlNDgwMDExMjI=-MWU3YzIwNGE3YmY3MTFlYWI4NThhY2RlNDgwMDExMjI=-0-c2VydmljZQ==-aW5zdGFuY2U=-cHJvcGFnYXRpb24=-cHJvcGFnYXRpb246NTU2Ng=="

Reviewer: Is the header changed or not?

Author: The header does not change.

Reviewer: The segment is request thread oriented, right?
So, generally, although all segments are the same trace, it is still good for agent side.

Author: Yes. Although all segments belong to the same trace, the agent must process all headers in all requests.

Reviewer: OK, got it. Actually, the Java agent doesn't process this part in benchmark.

```

Please replace the above `CONSUMER_IP` with the real IP address of the consumer instance.

#### Consumer and Provider

> Install the skywalking-go service on the machines to be tested, and compile both versions with and without the Agent.

Reviewer: What do you meab both versions?

Author: just with/without the agent.

Reviewer: Let's say compile with and without.

Author: Updated.
